Doc and cleanup (#2)
Ukrainianconflict-live/website: readme.md

# Ukrainianconflict-live

This project aims to provide a live feed about Ukrainian invasion.

## Technical choices

For the sake of security and efficacity, time is a challenge here, and this website 
has to be bulletproof as much as possible.

We made the following choices so far:

#### No JS  

Website shall be accessible via TOR or by users who disabled JS on their browser

#### No framework

> Time is a challenge here, no time to learn somtehing common accross all of the volunteers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Time is a challenge here, no time to learn something common across all of the volunteers.
```

#### Mobile first

Website has to be designed mobile first, since it is the most used terminal used by the one who 
need it.

## Setup the project

First, install python 3.8+: <https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-3910/>

Then run in the project directory:

>     pip install -r requirement.txt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Author: thanks, god I was really tired yesterday night to make such mistakes. I'll fix it soon
